websockets.dir\Debug\gettimeofday.obj    _gettimeofday
websockets.dir\Debug\libuv.obj    _lws_close_all_handles_in_loop
websockets.dir\Debug\libuv.obj    _lws_feature_status_libuv
websockets.dir\Debug\libuv.obj    _lws_libuv_accept
websockets.dir\Debug\libuv.obj    _lws_libuv_check_watcher_active
websockets.dir\Debug\libuv.obj    _lws_libuv_closehandle
websockets.dir\Debug\libuv.obj    _lws_libuv_closehandle_manually
websockets.dir\Debug\libuv.obj    _lws_libuv_destroyloop
websockets.dir\Debug\libuv.obj    _lws_libuv_init_fd_table
websockets.dir\Debug\libuv.obj    _lws_libuv_io
websockets.dir\Debug\libuv.obj    _lws_libuv_run
websockets.dir\Debug\libuv.obj    _lws_libuv_stop
websockets.dir\Debug\libuv.obj    _lws_libuv_stop_without_kill
websockets.dir\Debug\libuv.obj    _lws_uv_getloop
websockets.dir\Debug\libuv.obj    _lws_uv_initloop
websockets.dir\Debug\libuv.obj    _lws_uv_initvhost
websockets.dir\Debug\libuv.obj    _lws_uv_sigint_cb
websockets.dir\Debug\libuv.obj    _lws_uv_sigint_cfg
websockets.dir\Debug\server-handshake.obj    ?_OptionsStorage@?1??__local_stdio_printf_options@@9@9
websockets.dir\Debug\server-handshake.obj    ___local_stdio_printf_options
websockets.dir\Debug\server-handshake.obj    __vsnprintf_l
websockets.dir\Debug\server-handshake.obj    __vsprintf_l
websockets.dir\Debug\server-handshake.obj    _handshake_0405
websockets.dir\Debug\server-handshake.obj    _sprintf
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-spa.obj    _lws_spa_create
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-spa.obj    _lws_spa_destroy
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-spa.obj    _lws_spa_finalize
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-spa.obj    _lws_spa_get_length
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-spa.obj    _lws_spa_get_string
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-spa.obj    _lws_spa_process
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_adopt_descriptor_vhost
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_adopt_socket
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_adopt_socket_readbuf
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_adopt_socket_vhost
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_adopt_socket_vhost_readbuf
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_chunked_html_process
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_clean_url
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_context_init_server
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_create_new_server_wsi
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_find_mount
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_get_mimetype
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_handshake_server
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_http_action
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_http_transaction_completed
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_interpret_incoming_packet
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_select_vhost
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_serve_http_file
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_server_get_canonical_hostname
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _lws_server_socket_service
websockets.dir\Debug\server.obj    _method_names
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    __lws_plat_file_close
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    __lws_plat_file_open
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    __lws_plat_file_read
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    __lws_plat_file_seek_cur
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    __lws_plat_file_write
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    __lws_plat_service_tsi
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _delete_from_fd
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _fork
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _insert_wsi
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _kill
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_get_random
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_interface_to_sa
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_change_pollfd
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_check_connection_error
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_context_early_destroy
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_context_early_init
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_context_late_destroy
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_delete_socket_from_fds
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_drop_app_privileges
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_inet_ntop
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_inet_pton
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_init
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_insert_socket_into_fds
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_pipe_close
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_pipe_create
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_pipe_signal
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_read_file
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_recommended_rsa_bits
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_service
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_service_periodic
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_set_socket_options
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_socket_offset
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_write_cert
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_plat_write_file
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_poll_listen_fd
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lws_send_pipe_choked
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _lwsl_emit_syslog
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _time_in_microseconds
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-plat-win.obj    _wsi_from_fd
websockets.dir\Debug\sha-1.obj    _lws_SHA1
websockets.dir\Debug\sha-1.obj    _sha1_loop
websockets.dir\Debug\sha-1.obj    _sha1_pad
websockets.dir\Debug\sha-1.obj    _sha1_result
websockets.dir\Debug\client-parser.obj    _lws_client_rx_sm
websockets.dir\Debug\client-handshake.obj    _lws_client_connect
websockets.dir\Debug\client-handshake.obj    _lws_client_connect_2
websockets.dir\Debug\client-handshake.obj    _lws_client_connect_extended
websockets.dir\Debug\client-handshake.obj    _lws_client_connect_via_info
websockets.dir\Debug\client-handshake.obj    _lws_client_connect_via_info2
websockets.dir\Debug\client-handshake.obj    _lws_client_reset
websockets.dir\Debug\client-handshake.obj    _lws_client_stash_destroy
websockets.dir\Debug\client.obj    _lws_client_http_body_pending
websockets.dir\Debug\client.obj    _lws_client_interpret_server_handshake
websockets.dir\Debug\client.obj    _lws_client_socket_service
websockets.dir\Debug\client.obj    _lws_generate_client_handshake
websockets.dir\Debug\client.obj    _lws_handshake_client
websockets.dir\Debug\client.obj    _lws_http_client_http_response
websockets.dir\Debug\client.obj    _lws_http_transaction_completed_client
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-ring.obj    _lws_ring_bump_head
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-ring.obj    _lws_ring_consume
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-ring.obj    _lws_ring_create
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-ring.obj    _lws_ring_destroy
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-ring.obj    _lws_ring_dump
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-ring.obj    _lws_ring_get_count_free_elements
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-ring.obj    _lws_ring_get_count_waiting_elements
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-ring.obj    _lws_ring_get_element
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-ring.obj    _lws_ring_get_oldest_tail
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-ring.obj    _lws_ring_insert
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-ring.obj    _lws_ring_next_linear_insert_range
websockets.dir\Debug\lws-ring.obj    _lws_ring_update_oldest_tail
websockets.dir\Debug\header.obj    _lws_add_http_header_by_name
websockets.dir\Debug\header.obj    _lws_add_http_header_by_token
websockets.dir\Debug\header.obj    _lws_add_http_header_content_length
websockets.dir\Debug\header.obj    _lws_add_http_header_status
websockets.dir\Debug\header.obj    _lws_finalize_http_header
websockets.dir\Debug\header.obj    _lws_http_redirect
websockets.dir\Debug\header.obj    _lws_return_http_status
websockets.dir\Debug\header.obj    _lws_token_to_string
websockets.dir\Debug\alloc.obj    __lws_realloc
websockets.dir\Debug\alloc.obj    _lws_realloc
websockets.dir\Debug\alloc.obj    _lws_set_allocator
websockets.dir\Debug\alloc.obj    _lws_zalloc
websockets.dir\Debug\context.obj    _lws_callback_http_dummy
websockets.dir\Debug\context.obj    _lws_cancel_service
websockets.dir\Debug\context.obj    _lws_cancel_service_pt
websockets.dir\Debug\context.obj    _lws_check_deferred_free
websockets.dir\Debug\context.obj    _lws_context_deprecate
websockets.dir\Debug\context.obj    _lws_context_destroy
websockets.dir\Debug\context.obj    _lws_context_destroy2
websockets.dir\Debug\context.obj    _lws_context_is_deprecated
websockets.dir\Debug\context.obj    _lws_create_context
websockets.dir\Debug\context.obj    _lws_create_event_pipes
websockets.dir\Debug\context.obj    _lws_create_vhost
websockets.dir\Debug\context.obj    _lws_get_library_version
websockets.dir\Debug\context.obj    _lws_init_vhost_client_ssl
websockets.dir\Debug\context.obj    _lws_protocol_init
websockets.dir\Debug\context.obj    _lws_protocol_vh_priv_get
websockets.dir\Debug\context.obj    _lws_protocol_vh_priv_zalloc
websockets.dir\Debug\context.obj    _lws_vhost_destroy
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    __lws_destroy_ah
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    __lws_header_table_reset
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _char_to_hex
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lextable
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lextable_decode
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_add_wsi_to_draining_ext_list
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_frame_is_binary
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_hdr_copy
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_hdr_copy_fragment
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_hdr_fragment_length
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_hdr_simple_create
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_hdr_simple_ptr
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_hdr_total_length
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_header_table_attach
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_header_table_detach
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_header_table_force_to_detachable_state
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_header_table_is_in_detachable_state
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_header_table_reset
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_parse
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_parse_urldecode
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_payload_until_length_exhausted
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_pos_in_bounds
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_remaining_packet_payload
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_remove_wsi_from_draining_ext_list
websockets.dir\Debug\parsers.obj    _lws_rx_sm
websockets.dir\Debug\output.obj    _lws_issue_raw
websockets.dir\Debug\output.obj    _lws_serve_http_file_fragment
websockets.dir\Debug\output.obj    _lws_ssl_capable_read_no_ssl
websockets.dir\Debug\output.obj    _lws_ssl_capable_write_no_ssl
websockets.dir\Debug\output.obj    _lws_ssl_pending_no_ssl
websockets.dir\Debug\output.obj    _lws_write
websockets.dir\Debug\pollfd.obj    __lws_change_pollfd
websockets.dir\Debug\pollfd.obj    _insert_wsi_socket_into_fds
websockets.dir\Debug\pollfd.obj    _lws_callback_on_writable
websockets.dir\Debug\pollfd.obj    _lws_callback_on_writable_all_protocol
websockets.dir\Debug\pollfd.obj    _lws_callback_on_writable_all_protocol_vhost
websockets.dir\Debug\pollfd.obj    _lws_change_pollfd
websockets.dir\Debug\pollfd.obj    _lws_same_vh_protocol_insert
websockets.dir\Debug\pollfd.obj    _lws_same_vh_protocol_remove
websockets.dir\Debug\pollfd.obj    _remove_wsi_socket_from_fds
websockets.dir\Debug\service.obj    _lws_handle_POLLOUT_event
websockets.dir\Debug\service.obj    _lws_http_client_read
websockets.dir\Debug\service.obj    _lws_rxflow_cache
websockets.dir\Debug\service.obj    _lws_service
websockets.dir\Debug\service.obj    _lws_service_adjust_timeout
websockets.dir\Debug\service.obj    _lws_service_fd
websockets.dir\Debug\service.obj    _lws_service_fd_tsi
websockets.dir\Debug\service.obj    _lws_service_flag_pending
websockets.dir\Debug\service.obj    _lws_service_timeout_check
websockets.dir\Debug\service.obj    _lws_service_tsi
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    __lws_log
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    __lws_logv
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    __lws_rx_flow_control
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    __vfprintf_l
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _fprintf
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _interface_to_sa
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _log_level
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_adjust_protocol_psds
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_bind_protocol
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_broadcast
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_callback_all_protocol
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_callback_all_protocol_vhost
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_callback_all_protocol_vhost_args
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_callback_vhost_protocols
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_callback_vhost_protocols_vhost
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_canonical_hostname
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_check_utf8
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_clear_child_pending_on_writable
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_close_free_wsi
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_close_free_wsi_final
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_close_reason
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_compare_time_t
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_context_user
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_ensure_user_space
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_extension_callback_pm_deflate
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_finalize_startup
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_free_wsi
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_child
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_child_pending_on_writable
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_close_length
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_close_payload
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_context
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_count_threads
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_fops
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_network_wsi
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_opaque_parent_data
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_parent
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_peer_addresses
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_peer_simple
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_peer_write_allowance
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_protocol
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_reserved_bits
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_socket_fd
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_urlarg_by_name
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_vhost
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_vhost_iface
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_vhost_name
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_vhost_port
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_get_vhost_user
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_is_cgi
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_is_final_fragment
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_is_first_fragment
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_is_ssl
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_json_purify
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_now_secs
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_parse_uri
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_partial_buffered
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_protocol_get
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_remove_from_timeout_list
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_restart_ws_ping_pong_timer
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_rx_flow_allow_all_protocol
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_rx_flow_control
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_set_extension_option
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_set_fops
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_set_log_level
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_set_opaque_parent_data
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_set_parent_carries_io
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_set_proxy
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_set_timeout
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_set_timer
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_set_wsi_user
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_should_be_on_timeout_list
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_snprintf
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_socket_bind
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_sql_purify
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_sum_stats
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_timed_callback_remove
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_timed_callback_vh_protocol
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_union_transition
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_urldecode
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_urlencode
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_vfs_file_open
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_vfs_file_seek_end
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_vfs_file_seek_set
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_vfs_get_length
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_vfs_get_mod_time
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_vfs_select_fops
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_vfs_tell
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_vhost_get
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_vhost_name_to_protocol
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_vhost_user
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lws_wsi_user
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lwsl_emit_stderr
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lwsl_hexdump
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lwsl_hexdump_level
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lwsl_timestamp
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _lwsl_visible
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _user_callback_handle_rxflow
websockets.dir\Debug\libwebsockets.obj    _vsnprintf
websockets.dir\Debug\handshake.obj    _lws_read
websockets.dir\Debug\base64-decode.obj    _lws_b64_decode_string
websockets.dir\Debug\base64-decode.obj    _lws_b64_decode_string_len
websockets.dir\Debug\base64-decode.obj    _lws_b64_encode_string
websockets.dir\Debug\base64-decode.obj    _lws_b64_encode_string_url
